Here are four ways that being among nature can help improve your health.
Being outdoors can trigger measurable changes inside your body from lowering stress hormones, easing blood pressure and even improving your gut health.
Spending just 20 minutes in nature can trigger measurable changes inside your body

The evidence for the benefits of spending time in nature is compelling enough that some areas have trialled so called green social prescribing connecting people with nature to improve their phsyical and mental health, with a positive impact on happiness and wellbeing.
A UK study, involving nearly 20,000 people, found that those who spent at least a total of 120 minutes every week in greenery were significantly more likely to report good health and higher psychological well-being.
When you see green trees, smell pine and hear gentle rustling leaves or the sound of birdsong, your autonomic nervous system - a network of nerves controlling unconscious processes - responds instantly.

Willis says that spending time outdoors triggers our endocrine system and lowers levels of cortisol and adrenaline - the hormones that surge when you're stressed or anxious.
"A study found that people in a hotel room for three days who were breathing in Hinoki (Japanese cypress) oil saw a big drop in the adrenaline hormone and a large increase in natural killer cells in their blood."
Natural killer cells are cells that tackle viruses in the body. The participants in the study still had elevated natural killer cells in their body two weeks after inhaling the smell.

Smelling nature is just as powerful as seeing and hearing it.
You may think that the relaxing effect of nature is all in your mind, but another study found that even very young babies with no memory associated with particular smells, still calmed down when another scent associated with calming, limonene was puffed into the room they were in.
The scent of trees and soil is full of organic compounds released by plants and "when you breathe them in, some molecules pass into the bloodstream."

Prof Ming Kuo has studied the effect on factors such as infection susceptibility as well as mental health and says breathing in certain ones have the potential to boost your mood; and the antimicrobial chemicals released by plants – called phytoncides – could help fight disease.
As well as soothing your mind, nature can also help boost your microbiome as soil and plants are full of good bacteria.
Dr Chris van Tulleken says as an infection scientist he sees nature as a positively challenging environment that "tickles your immune system".

Even having a nature screensaver on your laptop can help you relax
Even small touches of nature at home can make a difference, according to Willis.
Research shows that looking at pictures of nature on your laptop or simply gazing out at something green can trigger the same calming brainwave changes and reduce stress.